README.md, before:

# matlab_workshop
This is a collection of lectures and exercises for ENGR1120, Programming for Engineers (with MATLAB).

## GSET Summer 2022
This is the main page for Governors School for Emerging Technologies at Tennessee Technological University summer 2022.

## MATLAB Installation 
Tennessee Tech has provided a lisence to install MATLAB, free of charge, on your personal computer. This requires a valid tntech.edu email address for regristration.  

OS Requirements: Linux, Windows, and Macintosh and suppported. Choose the appropriate OS during the download process. 

Storage Requirements: This is a very large download. If you unselect the extra packages when given the option during the installation, this will reduce the size of the download and required storage space. If you do not have space for the installation, see the Alternative Options below.   

Installation Instructions: [Install Mathworks MATLAB](https://services.tntech.edu/TDClient/1878/Portal/KB/ArticleDet?ID=112045) for the  from TNTECH ITS.

Alternative Options: 
 - MATLAB Online: If you have a Chromebook or other unsupported system, you can use [MATLAB Online](https://www.mathworks.com/products/matlab-online.html). 
 - GNU Octave: If you do not have space for the MATLAB application or you prefer to use an open source option, you can use [GNU Octave](https://www.gnu.org/software/octave/index), a clone of MATLAB.

Commit message:

added go back to master

README.md, after:

## GSET Summer 2022
This is the main page for Governors School for Emerging Technologies at Tennessee Technological University summer 2022. If you are not in GSET, go back to [`branch: master`](https://github.com/thillRobot/matlab_workshop/tree/master).

## MATLAB Installation 
Tennessee Tech has provided a lisence to install MATLAB, free of charge, on your personal computer. This requires a valid tntech.edu email address for regristration.  

OS Requirements: Linux, Windows, and Macintosh and suppported. Choose the appropriate OS during the download process. 

Storage Requirements: This is a very large download. If you unselect the extra packages when given the option during the installation, this will reduce the size of the download and required storage space. If you do not have space for the installation, see the Alternative Options below.   

Installation Instructions: [Install Mathworks MATLAB](https://services.tntech.edu/TDClient/1878/Portal/KB/ArticleDet?ID=112045) for the  from TNTECH ITS.

Alternative Options: 
 - MATLAB Online: If you have a Chromebook or other unsupported system, you can use [MATLAB Online](https://www.mathworks.com/products/matlab-online.html). 
 - GNU Octave: If you do not have space for the MATLAB application or you prefer to use an open source option, you can use [GNU Octave](https://www.gnu.org/software/octave/index), a clone of MATLAB.
